[Applause]
Today we're lucky to have with us on No
Prior is Jesse Zang. Jesse is the
co-founder and CEO of DecaGon which
provides customer service and other
related AI for all sorts of different
enterprises including banks, telecom
providers, airlines and of course many
of the biggest and most important tech
companies. Jesse Prior started Loki
which was acquired by Niantic and we're
very excited to have him join us today
on No Prior. Jesse thanks for joining us
today on No Prior. Thanks for having me.
>> Can you tell us a little about Decagon
and why you started the company, how you
started it, how you all got going?
>> Yeah, of course. So, Decagon for those
who are not really familiar with us,
we're an AI customer service agent. And
so, you can kind of think of us, you
know, if we're working with a large bank
or airline or just people that have
large contact volume. The AI's job is
to, you know, have a very engaging and
personalized conversation with the user
and resolve it and, you know, save the
the company a bunch of money and, you
know, ideally drive more revenue in the
future because folks are more engaged.
And as we as we've grown, it's kind of
becoming more and more of um you kind of
think of like a conversational UI for
the brand where it's it's how every user
can interact with it. And we often use
the term like concierge to describe
this, but um that's what we do.
>> And you're working right now with some
big banks or some of the world's biggest
banks. you're working with airlines,
telos, like you've actually gotten to
very big customers very quickly. How did
how did you go about doing that or how
did it happen?
>> Yeah. So, I mean, as you know, we
started out mostly with the like digital
native companies. A lot of startups do
that and digital natives of course are
much more willing to try out startups.
They can move faster
>> like late stage tech companies and
things like that.
>> Yeah. Like uh like Ripling, Notion,
folks like them. They were like great
partners and they also just helped us
iterate on the product a lot. So, that's
where we started. As we've gone on, I
think just naturally we're kind of
pulled up market just because of the
demand. And as you might imagine, those
that's where most of the large contact
volumes are. So it just happened a lot
faster than we thought. And I would say
a lot of these enterprises also moved a
lot faster than we would have expected.
Um, so that's that's why we ended up
there.
>> I think that's one of the
underappreciated things about AI
traction is a lot of companies are
willing to try things in a way they
weren't willing to before because it's
such a big technology shift. And so all
these markets are kind of open now that
weren't before that would be much harder
to do.
>> Yeah. I mean another specific dynamic is
that at the enterprise it's becoming a
lot more of a top down motion. So you
know in the past many of these
technologies could have been just like
one team trying to vet it or decide it
but now it's like a it's a AI
transformation and the seuite the board
are all like very big on how do we adopt
AI and you know customer service is
often one of the biggest areas or
probably the most lowest hanging fruit.
So um that's how these conversations
have progressed
>> and how much of an impact are you having
in terms of some of these teams? So I
know that you're giving a lot of
leverage to these customer service orgs
like are you making people two times
more productive or I'm just sort of
curious is there a way to measure the
the outcome here?
>> Yeah, I mean most of the large
enterprises they'll the first thing
they'll measure is just what is the I
guess like efficiency that you're
getting them. So whatever they're
spending on their contact center or
their operation, how much you're getting
cut that down by? And we've done case
studies now where, you know, folks have
been able to cut that down by, you know,
60 70%.
>> Oh wow.
>> That's like a great success case, right?
Because it's like a very clear business
case. You can show it to to everyone.
>> Mh.
>> Um and then the the sort of secondary
thing oftentimes, you know, folks will
even, you know, put this at the same
level if not higher is just the customer
satisfaction. So you need
>> you need to measure that and make sure
that your customers are, you know,
having a good time and more engaged. if
if not just like more also just just
happy than than previously.
>> So you're basically providing these
customer service AI agents
slashworkflows that help I guess
function 247 in multiple different
languages out of the box and do do you
basically do like a lot of integrations
into what they are already providing or
how do you tend to work with folks?
>> Yeah, I think the way you should think
about agents here are that uh it's more
of a substitute for the mundane human
labor. So whatever systems they're
already using generally an AI agent at
least when you first deploy is not going
to disrupt the tooling you currently
have. So whatever CRM they're using,
whatever, you know, telephony stack, we
will just integrate with that and then
it's it's kind of doing all the tasks
you would expect a human to do and uh
over time that's just continues scaling.
And so one of the benefits of AI agents
is that they're always on, you know,
they're awake 24/7, they're you don't
have to train them really, there's no
churn, you can just like scale them out.
>> And then uh you co-ounded this with
Ashwin and you are both second time
founders. um what made you decide to
work on this problem in particular?
Because I feel like many people's first
company, they really focus just on the
product and the technology and then on
your second company, you're often more
likely to also focus on the customer
side, the commerciality. Was that your
story or were you always kind of more
commercially focused in terms of how you
thought about problems in the world to
solve? Yeah, I mean one of my um I guess
thesis is that there is a lot of
untapped potential and just like really
strong technical folks and making them a
bit more commercial
>> because the types of problems on the go
to market side they're I would say
generally a little bit more hairy and so
a lot of folks don't like the messiness
and especially a lot of technical folks
enjoy the engineering product problems
more but they're still kind of very
interesting problems very rewarding and
if you can do that well that's how you
get your company to grow a lot faster
cuz you just do more sales and and at
the end of It's it's still problem
solving. So yeah, I mean Asha and I were
both technical backgrounds. We just got
along very well. He's similar stages in
life. We yeah both started a company
before as you said.
>> And the first time is when you kind of
lack a little bit of the commercial
sense and you're you're just generally
>> just trying to figure things out. It's
very hard to build intuition of what is
a good idea and what what isn't. And so
um it is definitely easier the second
time around. Mhm.
>> How do you think about uh how you hired
or what sort of people you look for for
the team the first time around versus
this time? Like what are you optimizing
for in the people that you bring on
board in your in your second company?
>> Yeah, I mean we're a little fortunate
now. I think we've built a bit of a
brand around our talents and I think we
have like a you know fairly interesting
culture now. The way I would describe it
is yeah, we're generally just selecting
for uh very smart people. First of all,
I think we we care more about that than
like, you know, direct experience and so
on. I think early on experience is still
quite important. I think um I don't
think we hired straight out of college,
you know, for our first pretty large
number of hires, but of course now now
we are. So you want a little bit of that
blend, but the first thing we select for
is just uh you know, how smart you are.
>> And uh that that's worked out well for
us. Uh we we apply that philosophy
basically across the org. I think
obviously engineering is is is very
generally easy to test for but even on
sales and and marketing.
>> Um and so that that's been a core part
of our philosophy. Yeah. The other piece
is just you know we're an office there's
there's a lot of I guess like
>> fun news now how companies work really
hard.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
>> It's like the 996 culture and so on. I
mean I don't think we we like over
rotate on on stuff like that. I think we
just we're just looking for people where
>> um you can tell when you meet them that
they really see this as like ideally
like like a like a they want it to be
like a highlight of their career
basically and they want to put in the
time and they want to be in a position
where if they put in the time they'll
get stuff out of it and they get to you
know accelerate their career they get to
>> uh work on like very very interesting
problems. So, are you in office every
day like five days a week in terms of
when people are supposed to be in or
>> Yeah, we're uh five days and then a lot
of folks come in um on the weekends, but
it's not like a requirement.
>> Yeah, makes sense. Yeah. I mean, it
definitely feels like you have sort of
this hardworking culture. People want to
put in the time because, you know, it's
interesting because if you look at
professional athletes in training,
they're always like, "Yeah, I train six,
seven days a week. I work hard at my
craft." And there was almost this period
in Silicon Valley where people didn't
want to say that. And I feel like with
this wave of AI suddenly it's come back
that it's good to do that you know
that's how you build a winning company
and a winning culture and
>> uh so it seems like you all have kind of
adopted that as as what how you approach
things as well.
>> Yeah I think pretty much all the AI
companies are doing well have you know
pretty heavy in office cultures. It's
just you get way more done especially
especially in the early stage. I think
after a certain point of scale like yeah
you could definitely make the argument
that it matters less but as of right now
it matters a lot. Yeah. It also seems
like there's certain roles that always
have been remote like throughout
>> Yeah.
>> all of history, you know, in terms of
certain sales roles or um
>> or the like. Well, well, then really
you're supposed to be at the customer
side of your office, right? If you're
doing some form of like field sales or
the like. So, it seems like a lot of
people have sort of gone back to the
pre-COVID era for the startups that seem
to be working best, which I think is
really interesting. And, you know,
obviously things are working really well
for you all.
>> Yeah, exactly. How how are you thinking
about um the main types of roles that
you want to build out in the company now
or things that you're hiring for or
looking for?
>> Right now we're we're kind of mostly
building for scale. So what that means
is of course we need to hire a lot more
IC's. We're bringing in more kind of
like leaders and adding a bit more
structure.
>> I mean interesting thing we're thinking
about now is like a people function.
Never really needed that but you know
we're approaching 200 people. It's you
definitely need folks to be thinking
about that full-time.
>> Mhm. and it's more around like org
design and what is the right way to
structure our operating cadence between
teams. We have an office now in New
York. We're going spinning one up in
Europe. There's a lot more of those
problems now. And so that's that's
definitely something we're we're
thinking about.
>> I think that um if you were to give
founders advice around one thing that
they should do that is against their
instinct the first time they've scaled a
company. What is that thing? or how
would you think about a big takeaway
that you've had as you've gone from okay
we have this nimble team that's grinding
out a new product into okay we're
scaling things are working really well
we have product market fit and we have
to move as fast as possible like what's
that is there a big mental transition
that happens is there a specific tactic
you'd suggest
>> so I would say for us we kind of hit our
stride fairly early in this company so
it didn't feel like there was a before
and after
>> I would say when we were building well
one we stayed really close to for the
customer which is always helpful.
>> I think over time the adjustment we are
learning to make is uh thinking more
like medium to longterm versus short
term because I think at the beginning
you have to short you have to think
short term.
>> You're just optimizing for closing the
deal or closing a couple customers. But
once you have your legs under you, you
both can think more long term and also
you have obligation to because if you
don't then eventually you get to a point
where things really start breaking and
you feel like oh man I should have
>> you know scale this better and so on. So
>> we're definitely in that journey right
now and we're trying to be as mindful of
it as possible. Yeah, maybe one related
thing is that we um do spend a good
amount of time like studying uh sort of
later stage teams that have done this
well and there's obviously orgs that we
admire where we
>> Who are some people you think have done
it well?
>> I mean ramp comes to mind for sure. Data
bricks if you're thinking about bit more
like this just like companies have just
always executed well.
>> I think I think Ali data bicks is one of
the most impressive CEOs.
>> Yeah.
>> Just in terms of like how he thinks
about things and you know depth of
reflection on different topics. It's
like really impressive.
>> Yeah, he's he's actually I would
probably go far to say he's my favorite
CEO and he's been very kind to us with
his time and that's another good example
honestly. It's like very strong
technical folks that have I think also
done very well applying that to you know
commercial problems and execution and um
that's definitely the DNA we want to
build at Dexon.
>> Do you screen for commerciality and the
people who join and if so how can you do
that? So say you have an engineer, do
you try to find people who are more
commercial minded or you think that
self- selects the culture?
>> I I don't think it's super important for
every engineer in the company to be
commercialminded for example. I think
it's it's definitely very important for
the founders and then maybe the the
folks immediately around the founders.
That's why I think generally when I talk
to engineers that want to join startups
for example and let's say they
eventually want to start their own
company which is a very common uh
profile it's in my opinion it's like way
more useful to join somewhere where
they've already kind of got the
commercials figured out and you can
actually see it in action and build that
intuition
>> than to join something premiumf
>> and I think that's like a very common
misconception because it's like oh well
the smaller the team like the closer I
am to you know learning how to be a
founder
>> but if you join a premiumf team and you
ever actually get to see the commercials
in action. You're not really learning
much. You're just kind of learning
>> essentially what not to do. And
unfortunately, the reality is that most
companies don't hit that point. Our sort
of like discussion we have with with
engineers these days is
>> hey it's like yeah it's very important
for you to join like if you want to you
know start your own company eventually
like you know Decon's like the golden
age to do that because we have a lot of
the basics figured out but there's still
so much to that isn't figured out and a
lot of it
>> is kind of very close to the
commercials.
>> Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. I think a
lot of the golden periods for many
companies is between say 50 and 100
people up to you know a thousand maybe
2,000 if the thing keeps going in terms
of growth because that's the era where I
think you see the most change although
you know also going from 2,000 to 15,000
at Google which is roughly when I was
there was also sort of this magical
period of like change.
>> Yeah.
>> And so I guess it depends on the size of
the market and the way the teams run and
everything else. So
>> yeah.
>> Yeah. I guess also it seems like you can
learn a lot more from success and from
failure and it sounds like um in the
context of Decagon it's a really great
moment to join because you know things
are working and so people can learn
different areas. Are there areas in
particular that you know you'd really
like to attract people like is it
international is it somewhere else?
>> Yeah I mean the way I would think about
that is like you're kind of if you're a
founder you're like training your own
like neural network right and you need
like positive examples and negative
examples.
Like for my first company, I I mean I
started right after college. Like
basically the first two years was just
like negative examples. You're just like
failing.
>> And that's like helpful in some sense
because you can just kind of like brute
force it and like try to like learn. But
>> if you get some positive example
sprinkled in your learning rate is just
like way faster. Yeah. I think that's
the misconception. So yeah, I mean as we
expand internationally it's like I mean
that's important too. I I think an
interesting thing with new each new
office is that you also have to kind of
rethink the like we work really hard to
build our current culture and in the SF
office
>> you spin up New York we're going you
obviously sent some folks out but
>> um got to be mindful of that culture as
well because once it's set it's kind of
like becomes its own living thing.
Europe is a whole different thing
because the culture over there is
naturally a little bit different
>> and so you have to be a little bit
mindful. It's also just also naturally
more isolated.
>> You have to serve wine at lunch and you
know that kind of stuff.
>> Yeah. When you talk about having to
shift the way that you think about
things more towards medium and long-term
planning, is that org design? Is that
internationalization? Is that product
road maps? Is it like what what is that?
Is that capitalization? Like I'm sort of
curious like what are the main
components that you've had to
>> start thinking longer term on? Yeah,
it's probably say it's more organ design
and product
>> road mapap.
>> Or design in in terms of how you
allocate resources because uh there are
a lot of types of work that don't yield
immediate returns like it's not going to
close a customer for you but if you
don't do it you will in six months one
really regret it and then two you'll
just be in a spot where it's like much
harder to do that work. What's an
example of that?
>> Uh like just like core product work,
right? Like um you know there's a bunch
of core product work that is important
for
>> you know closing customers in the
future. It's not going to close any
customers now. We'll probably still be
fine for now.
>> Uh but you can definitely foresee that
okay well if you don't invest in this
then closing each incremental customer
in the future will require the same
level of work if not more because then
you just have more overhead and you want
that to go down over time. And so that's
the classic type of thing where you have
to shift your mindset a bit because I
think in the early days you it's like
really good to have a greedy mindset.
It's just like I just really need to
optimize for this one thing just get
over the line instead of just planning
too long term because if you do that you
could just end up burning a quarter and
like not getting anywhere. And so I
think over time you have to make that
switch. Did you set off to do customer
service when you started Echogon or is
that something that you all discovered
early on as you were iterating on ideas
or things like that?
>> Oh no, definitely did not come in with
any preconceived notion. I had like a
lot of empathy for the problem just from
my first company. It was a consumer
company so we had a lot of users but our
general approach kind of going back to
the commercial side was I think we're
just a lot better at being commercial
about this in the early days. And so we
just talked to a lot of customers and
had a very disciplined process of
evaluating ideas
>> and yeah it turns out that this has been
one of the big use cases.
>> What made you realize that this was the
thing to do?
>> The the real answer is we just saw a lot
of folks that were willing to pay us
like you know six figure contracts which
at the time when you're at zero AR it's
like oh wow that's huge.
>> Mhm.
>> And a lot of folks that were willing to
you know do the same thing.
>> Mhm. And it was the only idea we really
explored that really had that property
where people were like, "Hey, yeah, like
if you did this, I would literally pay
you money because I can justify it." The
sort of flip side of that at the time
was more just, "Oh, well, this is such
an obvious idea. Like, why do this?" Cuz
you know, people would have thought of
this before. But that's a whole another
thing I think like once you start doing
anything, once you get into it, you you
you understand there's way more nuance
than the overall narratives. The sheer
fact that people were willing to talk to
us like, you know, two people and
willing to pay us money was signal
enough that it was worth doing. I guess
when I look at sort of the history of
technology, anytime there's a big
platform shift, the providers of the
platform start to forward integrate into
the biggest applications on the
platform. So an example of of that would
be uh after Microsoft launched its OS,
they forward integrated in what became
office, right? Those were four separate
companies doing PowerPoint and Excel and
all this stuff and then eventually they
just subsumed the functionality of those
things and cross- sold it as a bundle.
And then that happened later with Google
where they started adding vertical
searches for the biggest categories of
search. If you think of that in the
context of the foundation model
providers like open AAI or anthropic
anthropic is already providing cloud
code you know they're already kind of
forward integrating in different
verticals. They mentioned financials uh
as another area that they're moving
into. OpenAI famously tried to buy
windsurf and sort of enter
>> coding more directly.
>> Yeah. Do you think about that at all in
the context of what you're doing given
just the size of the market and the
velocity at which you're getting
adoption? Yeah, I think it makes a lot
of sense for the labs like um I think
like OpenAI for example, most of their
revenue and most of their margin and for
sure is coming from chat GBT in the
application layer because you you
actually own the customer. You get
>> you're kind of indexing more on the
problem you're solving rather than you
know the costs of your model.
>> And the API business for example is I
don't they're probably not expecting
even to make that much money from that
long term and they probably see it more
as a wedge.
>> Some of those work out well, right? Like
in other words, one could argue AWS and
the cloud providers are good examples of
what was perceived as a lower margin
business that has enormous scale and can
throw off a ton of cash.
>> Yeah.
>> And so, you know, these these APIdriven
businesses strike me as something
similar. I'm just more curious like how
do you think about defensibility
relative to these things and you know
>> Yeah. So I guess yeah the point I'm
trying to make is I think it makes a lot
of sense for them to push into
application layer and I think they will
in terms of what applications I mean
generally they'll probably start with
applications where it's more consumer
proumerry because there's it's just more
self-contained it's like easier to build
the software on top
>> um longterm they may move into more
enterprise things I don't think it's
like super useful for applications like
us to like you know spend a ton of
thinking about like you know what the AI
labs will do. I do think the more
enterprise you are like the more the
thicker the layer of software is. It's
not even just like it's not even stuff
related to the models. It's like okay,
how do you have like observability and
monitoring on all the conversations? How
do you learn from the conversations? How
do you really dissect the insights? How
do you build like a testing like
simulation suite for the for QA of the
conversations? And there's just so much
to build. That's what we're focused on
right now. I think yeah, might might
make sense. And yeah, who knows, maybe
one day we'll collaborate with the labs.
We already have great relationships with
the larger ones. But I think before they
tackle our space, there will probably be
other spaces they have to tackle first.
Coding is probably one of them.
>> I guess on a related note, how do you
think about differentiation? Like what
do you do uniquely or how do you think
that you'll build them out over time?
When we first started the company, it's
this idea is like very easy to gro,
right? There's a lot of big platforms
out there too you have like Salesforce
with agent force and Google, some of the
more AI native players. Uh what's worked
for us so far is is a couple things. Um
I think one we've we kind of have a
unique
we just have like a relatively
young intense team and that has lent
itself to a couple things. I think the
biggest one is just speed. So we just
able to move really fast and that shows
itself in building the product and
executing on the go to market side and
specifically in the product I I would
say we've kind of differentiated
ourselves in taking this approach of
like hey this should be a very
productized space. You should have an AI
agent that's really easy for
non-technical people to work with and
for them to build the agent, iterate on
it, analyze it. And that's in pretty
stark contrast to how the industry has
always worked. If you think about, you
know, the sales forces of the world,
just the classic SAS, it is a very more
like a technical endeavor. You have to
bring someone in to do the
configuration. You have to have
technical resources. as you scale you
can build something quite powerful but
it just becomes very slow and and
expensive to maintain because you you
have to go you engineers to go through
everything and at the enterprise there's
so much complexity and nuance that
>> you have to you have to resolve that so
I think our view so far has been kind of
different in that one of the things that
LM unlock is that you can really empower
the nontechnical business users and that
has I would say been pretty well
received different teams have different
strategies of course but for the folks
that were working with and especially as
you go more up market. I think people
really like that strategy. There are
definitely some teams out there that are
more engineering driven which uh like if
the engineering team owns the entire
>> you know customer service deployment
then you know maybe our current approach
doesn't make as much sense but I would
say what we found is even when the
engineering teams are very much involved
they don't necessarily want to be on the
hook for every little change and so in
that case we can work very well with
them and you have them still owning how
does the AI agent interact with the
systems and connect APIs and so on where
and then we allow them to offload sort
of the logic building to the business
users. So that's probably what's made us
different so far. Again, obviously we
respect like the sales forces of the
world. They build amazing businesses,
but we just don't think that's the right
approach for the AI era.
>> And then on our end, yeah, I think we're
just we we really want to differentiate
on execution.
>> If you look at um the big shift that's
happening right now in AI, because of
the capability set, we're basically
moving from software as a service to
basically some form of like labor or
cognition as a service, right? And so
you see that sometimes in the pricing
models where people instead of charging
per seat will maybe have some baseline
platform fee but then they'll charge
unutilization for other things because
fundamentally it's almost like you're um
helping augment an agent versus just
having a piece of software that they're
living in or using.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think that's a very big shift. How
do you think about the long-term version
of that relative to your business or
what do you see sort of coming on the
horizon?
>> Yeah. I think those pricing models are
pretty use case specific. So if you're
using a coding agent for example, I
think you know charging based on almost
like the GPU usage or something like the
number of cores you use could be
interesting. For us it's actually quite
different because you have like a very
tangible output that you can measure the
agent by which is the the conversation
it's having. And when you talk to
customers that's generally how they
think about it too. It's like hey we
have a cost per contact or a cost per
conversation. And so when you kind of
deploy an AI agent, it makes sense to
use the same pricing model
>> instead of pricing like a flat per seats
because there's not really like a seats
concept here, you also don't want to
price per like, you know, minute of the
call either like that. That's just kind
of weird. Uh, and also incentivizes the
agent to just like have really long
calls. So you price basically the number
of conversations that it can have. It
can be any conversation or it can be a
conversation that you know doesn't
require a human. So maybe that makes it
apples to apples. And then our customers
generally come in and buy a a sort of a
allotment of conversations for the term
and then they burn down. And we'll
probably start seeing that more and more
in the AI agent space where you you
generally price per like the output that
it's doing. I think that that works. I
think that's just very clearly the right
pricing model for our space and makes
sense to buyers and makes sense to us as
well.
>> Yeah. It also really changes how you
think about the total addressable
markets for some of these things
>> because if you're charging per seat,
you're li you're really limited by the
number of
>> people working at the company. if you're
charging per conversation or per
>> some aspect of code written or other
things and really the market equivalent
is sort of the people working in that
sector right it's not actually the seats
uh for the the company so
>> you know you're talking about their
salaries versus seats and so that's a
pretty big shift in terms of how to
think about TAM
>> yeah it's also just kind of like now the
entire services TAM or services revenue
is now part of the market because you're
kind of shifting that into software
>> and that's Why when we kind of think
about ourselves as well like even us
plus like all of our competitors plus
like everyone working on like generally
AI agents is probably still like a grain
of sand in the overall market right now
>> and that's that's exciting because
there's a lot to do.
>> How do you think about this relative to
the overall customer journey? So
particularly for certain types of
consumer companies there's customer
service but customer service almost
starts when somebody just shows up to
the website for the first time to
purchase something right. There's almost
this whole like funnel.
>> Yeah. How does that impact what you
build or how you work with your
customers?
>> That's why we use the term concierge and
and that's how we think about it.
>> And it's kind of interesting actually
when we first started the company
because, you know, of course we're
engineers and we haven't, you know,
worked in contact centers ourselves.
>> We kind of assumed that that's how most
customers would view it as well. It's
like, hey, well, you're building a
system that can have any conversation.
>> It turns out that in most customers, all
the different types of conversations are
just owned by completely different
teams, completely different budgets.
So, you know, if the reservations team
at a hotel is probably going to be
different than, you know, the customer
service team.
>> Overall though, eventually you want this
to be a unified, you know, concierge
experience. And that's what a lot of
leaders are excited by is like, can you
have just something intelligent that is
just there for the end user? It becomes
like the go-to way that they interact.
And eventually, if it's good enough, you
most consumers will just interact with
the agent instead of you've been logging
into the mobile app or the website so
on.
>> Uh, how do you define success for your
company in the long run? So it's 5 years
from now, 10 years, you're looking back.
>> Yeah.
>> What would make you feel like you've
accomplished what you set out to do?
>> Well, on one hand, there is like a
specific goal for a company, right? We
want to grow. We want to grow the scale
of the business and we want to be, you
know, the winner in this in this like
exciting market.
>> So, how's that defined? I mean in 5
years we want to of course be working
with largest companies and have just
like all the just powering sort of the
conversations for all all the major
brands out there and essentially just
reinvent the way that most consumers
interact with you know products and and
have conversations and the other metric
is yeah we'd like to get there through
just having a very sharp you know
product and just go to market execution
um in the same way that I'm currently
talking about like the data bricks and
the ramps of the world like we want to
builds, you know, a business like that
where we're just like doing everything
like super sharp and uh very
thoughtfully.
>> I remember um reading once that somebody
asked Larry Pageige uh in the early days
of Google what he was hoping to
accomplish and he said, "I want to have
a billion dollar company." And the
person replied with, "Oh, you mean a
billion dollar market cap?" And he said,
"No, a billion dollars of revenue." At
the time that was like this insane goal
and every was like mind-b blown. He's so
ambitious. And then you look in
hindsight and
>> I don't know if that's like the revenue
they do in a day or you know I don't
know what they you know some crazy
>> uh overshoot on outcome. So I think
that's a very tough question but I sort
of curious how you thought about it.
>> Uh it's yeah it's tough on this at this
point. I mean we have what the data
bricks are like single digits billions
of revenue and they'll probably say that
they're still very early on right.
>> Mhm.
>> So I yeah we we don't think about things
that far ahead. I just don't think
that's useful. Obviously, we're like
extremely ambitious and so we we want to
build the company of that scale or more
>> but it's also one step at a time.
>> As we talk about thinking ahead much on
longer time frames, 5 years, 10 years,
whatever it may be, one could imagine
that eventually uh customer support and
customer service really becomes very
agentic and at the same time people
probably have agents going and buying
things for them or interacting on their
behalf. How do you think about that
future? When do you think that is like
are there any non-obvious things we
should think about for that or you know
how should we think about that future
world or potential future world? Oh, I
think that world is uh basically here. I
mean, you have the, you know, all these
consumer agents that are going out there
and they go order Door Dash for you and
so on and at some point they'll, yeah,
maybe they'll call in to an airline to
reschedule your flight or something
>> and then maybe they'll talk to our agent
and then you'll have agents talking to
each other.
>> I think in the near term they'll still
communicate natural language just
because like each agent also needs to be
compatible with humans, right? So if
they talk to a human agent, a human
support agent or if we talk to a human
customer, of course that has to be
compatible. But as they become more
prevalent, uh they'll probably you'll
probably end up with slightly more
efficient ways of communicating. And I
think that'll be interesting have two
agents interacting and they're just like
spinning tokens at each other and you
can just get get something done. But I
think ultimately it'll still be rooted
in natural language because I don't
think anytime soon we'll be in a world
where 100% of interactions are done by
that. So each agent still has to be
compatible with natural language. Yeah,
that's something we'll we'll have to
think about soon. It's not something
we're seeing at scale now where you have
a agents writing in for you. I mean,
part of the vision we talked about
before, right, is that right now a lot
of the conversations are more reactive
support.
>> It's like, hey, I have an issue. Can you
fix it? But over time, it'll be more and
more uh kind of broader, right? In terms
of like being able to do purchasing
decisions, being able to uh upsell
folks, being able to be proactive and
reach out when you detect an issue. And
these types of conversations, I think,
make a lot more sense for, you know,
having these personal agents in there,
like someone doing your shopping for you
and just goes and buys it and they can
talk to their agent to actually get it
done. And the personal agent knows that
their personal preferences. They know
what to give in on if there's, you know,
not this thing's out of stock and maybe
go for a different choice. Yeah, it's
it's kind of uh it's kind of weird to
think about that. It's just like all
these interactions happening outside of
like humans and still stuff's getting
done, but I think it'll be here sooner
than later. It's really interesting.
It's almost like every person has a
personal assistant, a personal shopper,
whatever it may be. I remember one one
person I used to work with a lot. Um his
view was that a lot of technology is
basically looking at what the richest
people in a society are doing and then
saying that'll be available for
everyone. And so if you go back to Roman
times, you had these
>> um open sort of Roman baths, but if you
were very wealthy, you'd have like a
bath in your own home.
>> And obviously we all have baths, right,
at home. And I think we almost forget
that that's like a technology innovation
and evolution. And so it seems like a
similar thing. If you look at Bill Gates
or whoever, he probably has a staff of
people who buy clothes for him and go
and do things for him and book flights
for him. And so therefore, everybody
will have this at some point. It'll just
be agents.
>> It sounds like interacting with each
other.
>> Yeah, I doubt they're booking flights,
>> but uh yeah. No, I agree. Yeah, I mean I
think that that is I mean that's an
interesting framework. I mean it makes
you think like what are the other things
that uh folks are doing? But um yeah, at
least in our context, yeah, we
definitely expect more of these sort of
AI assistants to be part of the
ecosystem.
>> Mhm. Amazing. Yeah. Well, thanks so much
for joining me today. Thanks for having
me.
[Music]
>> Find us on Twitter at no prior pod.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel if you
want to see our faces. Follow the show
on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever
you listen. That way you get a new
episode every week. And sign up for
emails or find transcripts for every
episode at no-priers.com.
[Music]